README.md, before:

# Interoperability - Party Process Micro Service

---

## Deployment configuration

In order to properly deploy this component, some environment variables need to be configured.

### Dynamic content for onboarding contracts

This component offers a mechanism of data injection in onboarding contract HTML templates.
Currently, the available variables are the following:

| Variable name | Notes                                                                                                    |
| ------------- |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **institutionName** | name of the institution this onboarding is for |
| **institutionMail** | digital address of the institution |
| **institutionTaxCode** | tax code of the institution |
| **institutionType** | institution's type. One of: _Pubblica Amministrazione_, _Gestore di servizi pubblici_, _Società a controllo pubblico_, _Partner tecnologico_ |
| **address** | address of the institution |
| **zipCode** | zip code of the institution |
| **pricingPlan** | pricing plan used for the institution to onboard on the product |
| **isPublicServicesManager** | in case of _Gestore di servizi pubblici_ it will contain "Y" or "N", otherwise it will an be empty string |
| **institutionVatNumber** | vat number of the institution declared for this product |
| **institutionRecipientCode** | recipient code of the institution declared for this product |
| **manager** | name, surname and tax code of the institution MANAGER |
| **delegates** | a set of rows each containing the name, the surname, the tax code and the role of a user |
| **originId** | id of the institution inside the origin from which has been retrieved |
| **managerName** | name of the manager |
| **managerSurname** | surname of the manager |
| **managerTaxCode** | tax code of the manager |
| **managerEmail** | email of the manager |

For example:

| Variable name | Notes                                                                                                                           |
| ------------- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **institutionName** | Comune di Sessa Aurunca                                                                                                         |
| **institutionMail** | test@pecmail.com                                                                                                                |
| **manager** | Mario Rossi, Codice fiscale: MRRSSS                                                                                             |
| **delegates** | Gianni Brera, Codice fiscale: MRRSSSSSSS, Ruolo: SUB_DELEGATE<BR/>Mario Sconcerti, Codice fiscale: MRRSSSSSSS, Ruolo: DELEGATE |

:warning: Please mind that, so far, both "`, Codice fiscale: `" and "`Ruolo: `" are still hardcoded in our vanilla templating engine.

##### Syntax

The syntax you MUST adopt in your HTML templates is the following: `${VARIABLE_NAME}`, e.g.: `${institutionName}`

---

### File storage engine

These variables configure the connection to the storage holding the component file artifacts. The storage can be either local or remote.

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **STORAGE_TYPE** | String | Admittable values are: `File`, `S3`, `BlobStorage` |
| **STORAGE_CONTAINER** | String | Defines the container holding the data (e.g.: S3 bucket name) |
| **STORAGE_ENDPOINT** | String | Defines the remote endpoint to connect to |
| **STORAGE_CREDENTIAL_ID** | String | Defines the user credential to access the remote endpoint |
| **STORAGE_CREDENTIAL_SECRET** | String | Defines the user password to access the remote endpoint |

:warning: - for the usage of **STORAGE_TYPE** `File` all the other File storage property values are necessary, but basically useless. 

---

### Mail engine

These properties define the connection parameters to the SMTP server sending the e-mails.

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **MAIL_SENDER_ADDRESS** | String | Component mail sender address, e.g.: pagopa-interop@test.me |
| **SMTP_USR** | String | SMTP username |
| **SMTP_PSW** | String | SMTP user password |
| **SMTP_SERVER** | String | SMTP server address |
| **SMTP_PORT** | Integer | SMTP server port |

---

### Onboarding mail template configuration

These properties define the configuration for building a proper onboarding template mail according to deployment needs.  

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **MAIL_TEMPLATE_PATH** | String | Defines the link to the storage path containing the [mail template](#mail-template) |
| **MAIL_CONFIRM_PLACEHOLDER_NAME** | String | **Optional** variable. It defines the name of the placeholder holding the onboarding confirmation link. By default, the placeholder name is `confirmTokenURL` |
| **MAIL_ONBOARDING_CONFIRMATION_LINK** | String | Defines the link to the onboarding confirmation (e.g.: `http://pagopa.it/onboarding-confirmation?token=`)|
| **MAIL_REJECT_PLACEHOLDER_NAME** | String | **Optional** variable. It defines the name of the placeholder holding the onboarding rejection link. By default, the placeholder name is `rejectTokenURL` |
| **MAIL_ONBOARDING_REJECTION_LINK** | String | Defines the link to the onboarding rejection (e.g.: `http://pagopa.it/onboarding-reject?token=`)|

---

### Mail template

For onboarding mails, users MUST define a specific mail template, according to the following rules.
This template must be a JSON format with the following schema:

```json
{
   "$id": "https://pagopa.it/mail-template.schema.json",
   "$schema": "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema",
   "type": "object", 
   "title": "MailTemplate",
   "required": [ "subject", "body" ],
   "properties": {
       "subject": {
           "type": "string",
           "description": "The subject of the e-mail."
       },
       "body": {
           "type": "string",
           "description": "The template mail"
       },
       "encoded": {
           "description": "Flag specifying if the template is Base64 encoded",
           "type": "boolean"
       }
   }
}
```

For example:

```json
   {
    "subject": "hello there", //mail subject, currently placeholders not supported here
    "body": "This is an onboarding confirmation link: ${confirmTokenURL}", // template with placeholder 
    "encoded": false //optional
   }
```

where:  

- `subject` contains the subject of the email. It may be or not Base64 UTF-8 encoded
- `body` contains the template of the email body. It may be or not Base64 UTF-8 encoded
- `encoded` represents an optional flag that, if set to true, means that the template has both subject and body Base64 encoded.  

:warning: If you choose to encode the data, please mind that both `subject` and `body` MUST be encoded.  

---

So far, the mail template supports two different placeholders:

- a placeholder for the onboarding confirmation link, (`${confirmTokenURL}`)
- a placeholder for the onboarding rejection link (`${rejectTokenURL}`)

The placeholders MUST be defined according to the following syntax: `${PLACEHOLDER_NAME}`.  
E.g.: `this is the confirmation token: ${confirmTokenURL}`.

Please, [see here](#onboarding-mail-template-configuration) for further details.

---

For each email, this service automatically interpolates the current onboarding token value to each of the placeholders. For example, assuming that:
- you've defined the following `confirmTokenURL` placeholder: `http://pagopa.it/onboarding-confirmation?token=`
- you're doing an onboarding with token value `y4d4y4d4`

at runtime the email will contain the following link:

`http://pagopa.it/onboarding-confirmation?token=y4d4y4d4`

---

### Destination mails
:warning: This env is mandatory in non production environment

This env var must be set to prevent sending emails directly to the institution.

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **DESTINATION_MAILS** | String | Defines a comma separated list of emails|

---

### Well-Known url set up
To verify JWT a well-known url must be set.

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **WELL_KNOWN_URL** | String | Define the Well-Known endpoint url used to verify incoming JWTs|

---
### Signature configuration
Signature verification need to set these env vars:

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **EU_LIST_OF_TRUSTED_LISTS_URL** | String | URL of the european List Of Trusted List [see](https://esignature.ec.europa.eu/efda/tl-browser/#/screen/tl/EU)|
| **EU_OFFICIAL_JOURNAL_URL** | String | URL of the Official Journal URL where the EU trusted certificates are listed [see](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=uriserv:OJ.C_.2019.276.01.0001.01.ENG)|

Commit message:

Selc 1747 geo taxonomy when onboarding (#170)
* SELC-1747 geoTaxonomyWhenOnboarding develop completed, to test

* SELC-1747 geoTaxonomyWhenOnboarding completed

* SELC-1747 geo taxonomy desc from REST service

* SELC-1747 invoking geoTaxonomy REST service

* SELC-1747 filling mail and contract parameters with geo taxonomies

* SELC-1747 openApi updated

* SELC-1747 openApi updated

* SELC-1747 openApi updated

* partyManagement dependency update

* partyManagement dependency update

* Fixed code generation

* Fixed code generation

Co-authored-by: Antonio Gelameris <toniogela89@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Interoperability - Party Process Micro Service

---

## Deployment configuration

In order to properly deploy this component, some environment variables need to be configured.

### Dynamic content for onboarding contracts

This component offers a mechanism of data injection in onboarding contract HTML templates.
Currently, the available variables are the following:

| Variable name               | Notes                                                                                                                                        |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **institutionName**         | name of the institution this onboarding is for                                                                                               |
| **institutionMail**         | digital address of the institution                                                                                                           |
| **institutionTaxCode**      | tax code of the institution                                                                                                                  |
| **institutionType**         | institution's type. One of: _Pubblica Amministrazione_, _Gestore di servizi pubblici_, _Società a controllo pubblico_, _Partner tecnologico_ |
| **address**                 | address of the institution                                                                                                                   |
| **zipCode**                 | zip code of the institution                                                                                                                  |
| **pricingPlan**             | pricing plan used for the institution to onboard on the product                                                                              |
| **isPublicServicesManager** | in case of _Gestore di servizi pubblici_ it will contain "Y" or "N", otherwise it will an be empty string                                    |
| **institutionVatNumber**    | vat number of the institution declared for this product                                                                                      |
| **institutionRecipientCode** | recipient code of the institution declared for this product                                                                                  |
| **manager**                 | name, surname and tax code of the institution MANAGER                                                                                        |
| **delegates**               | a set of rows each containing the name, the surname, the tax code and the role of a user                                                     |
| **originId**                | id of the institution inside the origin from which has been retrieved                                                                        |
| **managerName**             | name of the manager                                                                                                                          |
| **managerSurname**          | surname of the manager                                                                                                                       |
| **managerTaxCode**          | tax code of the manager                                                                                                                      |
| **managerEmail**            | email of the manager                                                                                                                         |
| **institutionGeoTaxonomies** | geographic taxonomies selected for the institution                                                                                           |

For example:

| Variable name | Notes                                                                                                                           |
| ------------- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **institutionName** | Comune di Sessa Aurunca                                                                                                         |
| **institutionMail** | test@pecmail.com                                                                                                                |
| **manager** | Mario Rossi, Codice fiscale: MRRSSS                                                                                             |
| **delegates** | Gianni Brera, Codice fiscale: MRRSSSSSSS, Ruolo: SUB_DELEGATE<BR/>Mario Sconcerti, Codice fiscale: MRRSSSSSSS, Ruolo: DELEGATE |

:warning: Please mind that, so far, both "`, Codice fiscale: `" and "`Ruolo: `" are still hardcoded in our vanilla templating engine.

##### Syntax

The syntax you MUST adopt in your HTML templates is the following: `${VARIABLE_NAME}`, e.g.: `${institutionName}`

---

### File storage engine

These variables configure the connection to the storage holding the component file artifacts. The storage can be either local or remote.

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **STORAGE_TYPE** | String | Admittable values are: `File`, `S3`, `BlobStorage` |
| **STORAGE_CONTAINER** | String | Defines the container holding the data (e.g.: S3 bucket name) |
| **STORAGE_ENDPOINT** | String | Defines the remote endpoint to connect to |
| **STORAGE_CREDENTIAL_ID** | String | Defines the user credential to access the remote endpoint |
| **STORAGE_CREDENTIAL_SECRET** | String | Defines the user password to access the remote endpoint |

:warning: - for the usage of **STORAGE_TYPE** `File` all the other File storage property values are necessary, but basically useless. 

---

### Mail engine

These properties define the connection parameters to the SMTP server sending the e-mails.

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **MAIL_SENDER_ADDRESS** | String | Component mail sender address, e.g.: pagopa-interop@test.me |
| **SMTP_USR** | String | SMTP username |
| **SMTP_PSW** | String | SMTP user password |
| **SMTP_SERVER** | String | SMTP server address |
| **SMTP_PORT** | Integer | SMTP server port |

---

### Onboarding mail template configuration

These properties define the configuration for building a proper onboarding template mail according to deployment needs.  

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **MAIL_TEMPLATE_PATH** | String | Defines the link to the storage path containing the [mail template](#mail-template) |
| **MAIL_CONFIRM_PLACEHOLDER_NAME** | String | **Optional** variable. It defines the name of the placeholder holding the onboarding confirmation link. By default, the placeholder name is `confirmTokenURL` |
| **MAIL_ONBOARDING_CONFIRMATION_LINK** | String | Defines the link to the onboarding confirmation (e.g.: `http://pagopa.it/onboarding-confirmation?token=`)|
| **MAIL_REJECT_PLACEHOLDER_NAME** | String | **Optional** variable. It defines the name of the placeholder holding the onboarding rejection link. By default, the placeholder name is `rejectTokenURL` |
| **MAIL_ONBOARDING_REJECTION_LINK** | String | Defines the link to the onboarding rejection (e.g.: `http://pagopa.it/onboarding-reject?token=`)|

---

### Mail template

For onboarding mails, users MUST define a specific mail template, according to the following rules.
This template must be a JSON format with the following schema:

```json
{
   "$id": "https://pagopa.it/mail-template.schema.json",
   "$schema": "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema",
   "type": "object", 
   "title": "MailTemplate",
   "required": [ "subject", "body" ],
   "properties": {
       "subject": {
           "type": "string",
           "description": "The subject of the e-mail."
       },
       "body": {
           "type": "string",
           "description": "The template mail"
       },
       "encoded": {
           "description": "Flag specifying if the template is Base64 encoded",
           "type": "boolean"
       }
   }
}
```

For example:

```json
   {
    "subject": "hello there", //mail subject, currently placeholders not supported here
    "body": "This is an onboarding confirmation link: ${confirmTokenURL}", // template with placeholder 
    "encoded": false //optional
   }
```

where:  

- `subject` contains the subject of the email. It may be or not Base64 UTF-8 encoded
- `body` contains the template of the email body. It may be or not Base64 UTF-8 encoded
- `encoded` represents an optional flag that, if set to true, means that the template has both subject and body Base64 encoded.  

:warning: If you choose to encode the data, please mind that both `subject` and `body` MUST be encoded.  

---

So far, the mail template supports two different placeholders:

- a placeholder for the onboarding confirmation link, (`${confirmTokenURL}`)
- a placeholder for the onboarding rejection link (`${rejectTokenURL}`)

The placeholders MUST be defined according to the following syntax: `${PLACEHOLDER_NAME}`.  
E.g.: `this is the confirmation token: ${confirmTokenURL}`.

Please, [see here](#onboarding-mail-template-configuration) for further details.

---

For each email, this service automatically interpolates the current onboarding token value to each of the placeholders. For example, assuming that:
- you've defined the following `confirmTokenURL` placeholder: `http://pagopa.it/onboarding-confirmation?token=`
- you're doing an onboarding with token value `y4d4y4d4`

at runtime the email will contain the following link:

`http://pagopa.it/onboarding-confirmation?token=y4d4y4d4`

---

### Destination mails
:warning: This env is mandatory in non production environment

This env var must be set to prevent sending emails directly to the institution.

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **DESTINATION_MAILS** | String | Defines a comma separated list of emails|

---

### Well-Known url set up
To verify JWT a well-known url must be set.

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **WELL_KNOWN_URL** | String | Define the Well-Known endpoint url used to verify incoming JWTs|

---
### Signature configuration
Signature verification need to set these env vars:

| Variable name | Variable type | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **EU_LIST_OF_TRUSTED_LISTS_URL** | String | URL of the european List Of Trusted List [see](https://esignature.ec.europa.eu/efda/tl-browser/#/screen/tl/EU)|
| **EU_OFFICIAL_JOURNAL_URL** | String | URL of the Official Journal URL where the EU trusted certificates are listed [see](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=uriserv:OJ.C_.2019.276.01.0001.01.ENG)|
